Do you think I will beg you for mercy?
Dream forest crystal cloud
Even if I die, I won't let you go
If you say so
Then we have nothing to talk about
I wanted to come over
Give you a chance to live again
Live hahahaha
You will keep me alive
Hahaha
Now there's a chance to keep you alive
It depends on whether you cherish it or not.
Then say it.
Who is your boss?
Where did that huge amount of smoke come from?
It turns out that Gang Master Li
Are you so interested in this?
Yeah, as long as you tell me who your boss is
I can call the shots for you.
Spare your life, I want to say too
But I'll still die after I say it
So?
I choose not to say that you are not very smart
Find it yourself if you have the ability.
As long as he is there
You're both going to die.
You two ruined his big deal
Do you think he will let you go?
Since you are so obsessive
Then I have nothing more to tell you.
What awaits you next will be death
Even your days will turn into beautiful bones that will wrap around you
Lin Jingyue, I will haunt you for the rest of my life
Let go of me! What are you doing?
Someone helped me to save you
Keep quiet and find a chance to go out by yourself at night
It's Beichen, it must be Beichen
It was Beichen who asked someone to save me